Your Highness, where is your carriage now?
My carriage must be parked outside the palace
Don't be too happy
Do you want to see it?
The missile I just told you about
If you have the ability, take it out and let me see it.
I was afraid to scare you before
I'll show you now
Li Qianren is launching
False life experience
Could it be that
This guy is a scourge
Hey, hot summer
Why do you have to die?
Is this sound wrong?
Why is it just ringing?
It's moving.
Chen just didn't stand still
Xiuer, what missile are you talking about?
It is so powerful
This is far from the power of missiles
Such a big movement
Except for the burrow
There is no other possibility
How could it be caused by some missile?
Qin Xiu, stop pretending to be a ghost in front of me
Oh, my good uncle.
You've heard the sound, why don't you believe it?
Never mind.
I'll show you what a big scene is
Li Qian, what happened just now?
His Royal Highness the Crown Prince just got crooked
This time, thank you
Uncle Wang?
Now your carriage has been shredded by red dust